1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you 
describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

	42 is a tuition-free programming school that focuses on peer-to-peer and 
	project-based learning.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

	The initial 42 logic tests are designed to test the applicant in various ways. 
	By not including instructions, the applicant is required to not only critically 
	think of a solution, but also think for themselves by interpreting the requirements 
	without having someone spell things out for them.   

3. What are the core 42 principles?

	The following are the core principles at 42 as shown on the 42 website:
	* Pursuit of Excellence
	* Innovation and Questioning
	* Creativity and Passion
	* Commitment to Community
	* Belief in Open Opportunities

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really 
think it’s worth their time?

	Absolutely! Having coding experience does not guarantee that you will do well at 42. 

5. What makes 42 unique?

	At 42, students are responsible for their own success.  There is no one spelling 
	things out for you.  You have to find out what to do, how to do them, and when to 
	do them. There are no teachers, you learn by researching the problems yourself or 
	by asking your peers around you.

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

	I've learned to really value peer-to-peer learning in general.  By working and 
	talking through problems with others, you can learn so much more.  You gain so 
	much value and knowledge regardless of whether you are the one getting help or the 
	one giving help to others.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem 
for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

	If by this point, I have already searched online and come up with nothing, then I 
	would simply turn to my peers around me.  (This happens all the time at 42).

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily 
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict 
deadlines?

	The piscine taught me that working in groups greatly enhances your effectiveness 
	and pushes you to work harder.  Having a strong group in which everyone constantly 
	challenges each other provides the opportunity to not only learn different ways of 
	solving a similar problem, but also see how different approaches may or may not be 
	advantageous.

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they 
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

	You are responsible for your own success.  Once you reach a certain level, you will 
	be required to get an internship and like every other assignment beforehand, you have 
	to figure it out yourself. That means you need to do your research and network with 
	people to make that happen.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level 
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

	You will have to reach a certain level before validating your internship.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

	42's peer to peer learning environment is conducive to improving our ability to work 
	well with others.  Furthermore, the project-based approach combined with the fact that 
	we have to figure things out on our own, better emulates the workplace.

BONUS - talk to GAETAN about his favorite pizza places!

	Gaetans favorite pizza place is Le Tiki.
